src/Tooling/Bit.Tooling.Templates/TodoTemplate/Doc/Getting-Started.md, before:

# Getting Started

This document aimed to create and run a Bit-Platform (Bit) project in a short period. It is assumed that you, as the developer, are familiar with the development prerequisites that follow.

## Development prerequisites

- C# as the main development language.
- [Asp.net core blazor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/?view=aspnetcore-6.0) as main development Back-End and Fron-End framework
- [CSS ](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=2ahUKEwji-KOu0pj4AhWwm_0HHeZQDzoQFnoECAgQAQ&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3schools.com%2Fcss%2F&amp;usg=AOvVaw0Xtbw_GBAChsgvZNkPLVGb)&amp; [Sass ](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjvgoO60pj4AhUCi_0HHVmXBMkQFnoECAgQAQ&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fsass-lang.com%2F&amp;usg=AOvVaw0p_IRgLEbIPRGWtlW7Wph8)as stylesheet
- [Entity Framework Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/) as ORM to communicate with the database
- [Asp.Net Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/identity/overview/getting-started/introduction-to-aspnet-identity) with [JWT ](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/jwt-authentication-and-authorization-in-net-6-0-with-identity-framework/)supporting for handling Authentication
- Swagger as OpenId for APi Documentation

## Environment setup

- Microsoft Visual Studio 2022 - Preview Version 17.3.0 Preview 1.0 or higher with the following workloads and extention
- Asp.net and web development
- Net Multi-Platform App UI development
- [Web Compiler 2022+ VisualStudtio extention](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Failwyn.WebCompiler64 "Web Compiler 2022+")

## Create project
Use `dotnet new` approach based on assumption that we've Bit.Tooling.Templates.TodoTemplate nuget package. bellow command installs the package and then creates a new project from it.

    > dotnet new -i Bit.Tooling.Templates.TodoTemplate
   

# Configure The Project

## Database

**Connection String**

Open  **appsettings.json** file in  **TodoTemplate.Api**  project and change the  **SqlServerConnection ** connection string if you want:

    "SqlServerConnection": {
            "SqlServerConnection": "Data Source=.; Initial Catalog=TodoTemplateDb;Integrated Security=true"
        }

## Migration

To create and migrate the database to the latest version. You can use Entity Framework's built-in tools for migrations. Open **Package Manager Console** in Visual Studio set **TodoTemplate.Api** as the Default Project and run the Update-Database command as shown below:

    Update-Database -Context TodoTemplateDbContext


# Run
## Blazor Mode (hosting models)
Bit use Blazor for building UI, Blazor is a web framework for building web UI components ([Razor components](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/?view=aspnetcore-6.0 "aaa")) that can be hosted in different ways. Razor components can run server-side in ASP.NET Core (Blazor Server) versus client-side in the browser on a [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/)-based .NET runtime (Blazor WebAssembly, Blazor WASM). You can also host Razor components in native mobile and desktop apps that render to an embedded Web View control (Blazor Hybrid). Regardless of the hosting model, the way you build Razor components is the same. The same Razor components can be used with any of the hosting models unchanged.

[Read more About ASP.NET Core Blazor hosting models](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/hosting-models?view=aspnetcore-6.0)

> Bit supports all three modes. It follows
### BlazorServer
With the Blazor Server hosting model, the app is executed on the server from within an ASP.NET Core app. UI updates, event handling, and JavaScript calls are handled over a SignalR connection using the WebSockets protocol. 

### BlazorWebAssembly
Blazor WebAssembly (WASM) apps run client-side in the browser on a WebAssembly-based .NET runtime. The Blazor app, its dependencies, and the .NET runtime are downloaded to the browser. The app is executed directly on the browser UI thread. UI updates and event handling occur within the same process. The app's assets are deployed as static files to a web server or service capable of serving static content to clients.

### BlazorHybrid
Blazor can also be used to build native client apps using a hybrid approach. Hybrid apps are native apps that leverage web technologies for their functionality. In a Blazor Hybrid app, Razor components run directly in the native app (not on WebAssembly) along with any other .NET code and render web UI based on HTML and CSS to an embedded Web View control through a local interop channel.

**Note**: In development, For the app to access the local Api project IP the VisualStudio needs to **run as Admin** and use `*`  instead of localhost in the IP server.

## How change BlazorMode easily?
To switch to each mode, easily change value of   `<BlazorMode>` on **Directory.build.props** file in **Solution Items** root folder.

      <BlazorMode>BlazorServer</BlazorMode>
       <!-- You can use either BlazorServer or BlazorWebAssembly or BlazorHybrid -->

**Note**: for **BlazorServer** mode you need multi startup for both api & web projects.

**Note**: for **blazorWebAssembly** mode only set as startup Api project and run it.

**Note**: for **BlazorHybrid** mode you need multi startup for both api & app projects.
## WebApp Deployment Type
Bit Supports several modes for WebApp deployment. This concept is related to performance. The fastest way to serve a page is to render page statically then send, and, the slowest way to serve a page is to serve an "interactive Blazor" server page (with a live virtual DOM synchronized via SignalR websockets). 

### Default Deployment Type
  It's referring to a Typical single page application(SPA) without pre-rendring.

### Static
Static Statically render the component with the specified parameters. It's recommended when the target is building a static page like a landing page, content page, And like these.
### PWA  
A Blazor WebAssembly app built as a [Progressive Web App](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_web_application "PWA") (PWA) uses modern browser APIs to enable many of the capabilities of a native client app, such as working offline, running in its own app window, launching from the host's operating system, receiving push notifications, and automatically updating in the background.

**Note**: Asp.net blazor supports PWA by default, but Bit fixes some of its disadvantages and provides a better PWA experience. 
### SSR
[Server-side rendering (SSR)](https://www.educative.io/edpresso/what-is-server-side-rendering), is the ability of an application to contribute by displaying the web-page on the server instead of rendering it in the browser. Server-side sends a fully rendered page to the client; Blazor pre-renders page and sends it as a static page, then later the page becomes an interactive Blazor server app. This behavior is intended to serve pages quickly to search engines with time-based positioning. 
Statically prerender the component along with a marker to indicate the component should later be rendered interactively by the Blazor Server app. It's optimize SEO of site.

It's referring to a Typical single page application(SPA) with pre-rendring.


## How change WebApp Deployment Type easily?
To switch to each mode, easily change value of   `<WebAppDeploymentType>` on **Directory.build.props** file in **Solution Items** root folder.

      <WebAppDeploymentType>DefaultDeploymentType</WebAppDeploymentType>
        <!-- You can choose either Static, DefaultDeploymentType, PWA or SSR -->

## Run API Host
Once you've done the configuration, you can run the application. If you set Api project as startup and run you can see the swagger dashboard in the first view

[![swagger](img/api-swagger.png "swagger")](img/api-swagger.png)

## Run Web app (in BlazorServer mode)
To run the Web app you need to run both the Api project and The Web project, Run these two projects as multiple startup.

[![web](img/web-output.png "web")](img/web-output.png)

## Run App (in BlazorHybrid mode)
To run the Web app you need to run both the Api project and The App project, Run these two projects as multiple startup.

[![app](img/app-output.png "app")](img/app-output.png)


## Settings
### Authentication policies
Bit provides authentication with  and implements the SignUp and SignIn user interfaces.
You can change the default settings of the Identity Settings according to your needs;
These settings are in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

     "IdentitySettings": {
                "PasswordRequireDigit": "false",
                "PasswordRequiredLength": "6",
                "PasswordRequireNonAlphanumeric": "false",
                "PasswordRequireUppercase": "false",
                "PasswordRequireLowercase": "false",
                "RequireUniqueEmail": "true",
                "ConfirmationEmailResendDelay": "0.00:02:00", //Format: D.HH:mm:nn
                "ResetPasswordEmailResendDelay": "0.00:02:00" //Format: D.HH:mm:nn
            },  
 
### JWT settings
Bit used JWT to provide token based authentication and you can either change Jwt settings, you can find these settings in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "JwtSettings": {
                "IdentityCertificatePassword": "P@ssw0rdP@ssw0rd",
                "Issuer": "TodoTemplate",
                "Audience": "TodoTemplate",
                "NotBeforeMinutes": "0",
                "ExpirationMinutes": "1440"
            },

**Note**: IdentityCertificatePassword referring to the password of the `IdentityCertificate.pfx` file in the Api project that used as certificate file for store the public key and etc for validating incoming JWT tokens.

### Email Settings
Bit used [FluentEmail](https://github.com/lukencode/FluentEmail) to send emails whenever needs.
for example in SignUp, you can either change the SMTP provide settings as you need, you can find these settings in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "EmailSettings": {
                "Host": "LocalFolder", // Local folder means storing emails in bin\sent-emails folder. (Recommended for testing purposes only)
                "Port": "25",
                "DefaulFromEmail": "info@todo.com",
                "DefaultFromName": "Todo",
                "UserName": null,
                "Password": null
            },

**Note**: In the development process, Bit saves sent emails as a .eml file in the below path, and developers can easily handle them.

    ./TodoTemplate/Api/bin/Debug/net6.0/sent-emails./TodoTemplate/Api/bin/Debug/net6.0/sent-emails

**Note**: You can find email templates used for email confirmation and reset password in the `Resources` directory of the Api project

## User Profile image setting
Bit save user profile image in `Attachments\Profiles` directory of the Api project as default, you can change this path as you need from the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "UserProfileImagePath": "./Attachments/Profiles/"

### Health Check Settings
Bit support Health Checks for reporting the health of app infrastructure components.
Health checks are exposed by an app as HTTP endpoints. If you need to enable or disable this functionality you can find these settings in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "HealCheckSettings": {
                "EnableHealthChecks": true
            },

**Note**: You can find Health Checks dashboard from route `https://localhost:5001/healthchecks-ui` as default.
## Code Syncing between app and web
Bit provides a solution for writing code for both the Web and the App at once. And also has a mechanism for sharing code between server-side and client sides.

### Linking codes
Bit considers the Web project as the primary source base and links the changes to each of the following files and directories to the App project before it is built.

- **Components** directory: Location of your blazor components (razor)
- **Extensions** directory: This directory conatain some Bit provided extentions, and place for put your extentions
- **Pages** directory: Contain All pages of Web project (and App project) 
- **Services** directory: Location of services Communication with API
- **Shared** directory: Components and pages that shared for use in others pages and components
- **Styles** directory: Includes Sass styles used in the project UI, which are compiled using Web Compiler 2022+ extensions in CSS format. 
- **App.razor** file: The root component of the app sets up client-side routing using the Router component. its name will be changed to `Main.razor` in the App project.
- **appsettings.json** file: Includes essential program settings such as the Url of the Api hosts.
- **_Imports.razor** file: Global imports.
- **compilerconfig.json** file: Contains Settings for Sass styles compiling.
- **compilerconfig.json.defaults** file: Some default Saas style compiler settings.
- **wwwroot\images** directory: Contains media uses in project ui.
- **wwwroot\scripts** directory: Contains scripts uses in the project. 
- **wwwroot\styles** directory: Contains styles uses in the project.


**Note**: Code syncing will be done with help of `mklink.bat` file in the root of the App project in the pre-building event of the project.It uses directory junction features of the OS.

**Note**: To avoid git duplicating the files All of them are tagged as ignored in the App project. 

### Shared project
Project `*.Shared` is shared on both the server (Api project) and client(Web, App projects) sides, and can share code. The bit puts the code it wants to reuse; Like resources, Dtos, shared contracts, services, etc.

**Note**: Be careful about what you put in the shared projects because they will available on both sides.

## Debugging
All official Bit NuGet packages are Sourcelink enabled. That means you can easily debug Bit.* NuGet packages within your project.

- Blazor WebAssembly still has some limitations in Debugging, while Blazor Server mode fully supports debugging without any problems. Therefore, it is recommended to use BlazorServer mode for development. 


## Error handling
Bit performs some features to manage error accourd in runtime.  
### known and unknown exception
In development When an error occurred if this error is known or unknown, details of the error returned, but in test and production for unknown error details of the error not returned from server.
- known exception inhrites `KnownException` class
- Unknown exception inhrites `UnknownException` class
### RestException
It's a class that has an HTTP Response `StatusCode` that you to perform a response with status code.

### Client side exception handling WrapHandled
When an error is raised in App(android, IOS) maybe cause crash app. for avoiding app crash; Bit provides some mechanism for error handling.
- inheriting `TodoTemplateComponentBase` in razor pages.
- Instead of initializing your components in the `OnInitializedAsync` method, override the `OnInitAsync` method of the `TodoTemplateComponentBase` class.
- Use `WrapHandle` method instead of direct calling events such as `OnClick` in the Razor components.
- Use `try-catch` block in `asyn-avoid` method and call `StatehasChanged` method to handle unexpected errors.
- To eliminate unwanted dependency unsubscribe events On the `DisposeAsync()` method.


## Performance and optimiztion
Bit perform some feature To improve performance and optimization.

- use the `Clean.bat` file in the root of the solution directory to deep clean the projects and run without unexpected exceptions. 
- Bit Uses `implicit operator` for performing type conversion instead of mapping library. You can see on some Dto in the Shared project.
- Bit optimizes the data serialization process through the default Asp.net core JsonSerializer. for this reason, the Bit code generator does a process to register Dtos to speed up. You can see how to register a Dto for this process on `TodoTemplateJsonContext.cs` in the `Shared\Dtos` 
- Use the `StateService` service GetValue method when you need SSR or SEO optimization to get a value in async mode.
- Bit performs some feature to detect Blazor mode or deployment type in Development and Runtime
    - Use `#if [BlazorMode]` block to detect blazor mode in The Cs code.
    - Use `#if [WebAppDeploymentType]` block to detect Web App Deployment Type in the Cs code.
    - Use `BlazorModeDetector` from the **Shared** project to detect BlazorMode in the Razor pages.
    - Use `WebAppDeploymentTypeDetector` from the **Shared** project to detect WebAppDeploymentType in the Razor pages.
-Bit code analyzer will give you tips for better code-writing during development.    

## Infrastructure as Code
Modern cloud-native applications embrace the widely accepted practice of Infrastructure as Code, or IaC. With IaC, you automate platform provisioning. You essentially apply software engineering practices such as testing and versioning to your DevOps practices. Your infrastructure and deployments are automated, consistent, and repeatable. Just as continuous delivery automated the traditional model of manual deployments, Infrastructure as Code (IaC) is evolving how application environments are managed.


## Step By Step Publish To Azure
About how to step-by-step publish in azure cloud..


## FAQ
A frequently asked questions about Bit...

Commit message:

Document improvement by  adding desc for BlazorWebAssembly mode

src/Tooling/Bit.Tooling.Templates/TodoTemplate/Doc/Getting-Started.md, after:

# Getting Started

This document aimed to create and run a Bit-Platform (Bit) project in a short period. It is assumed that you, as the developer, are familiar with the development prerequisites that follow.

## Development prerequisites

- C# as the main development language.
- [Asp.net core blazor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/?view=aspnetcore-6.0) as main development Back-End and Fron-End framework
- [CSS ](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=2ahUKEwji-KOu0pj4AhWwm_0HHeZQDzoQFnoECAgQAQ&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3schools.com%2Fcss%2F&amp;usg=AOvVaw0Xtbw_GBAChsgvZNkPLVGb)&amp; [Sass ](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=2ahUKEwjvgoO60pj4AhUCi_0HHVmXBMkQFnoECAgQAQ&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fsass-lang.com%2F&amp;usg=AOvVaw0p_IRgLEbIPRGWtlW7Wph8)as stylesheet
- [Entity Framework Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/) as ORM to communicate with the database
- [Asp.Net Identity](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/identity/overview/getting-started/introduction-to-aspnet-identity) with [JWT ](https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/article/jwt-authentication-and-authorization-in-net-6-0-with-identity-framework/)supporting for handling Authentication
- Swagger as OpenId for APi Documentation

## Environment setup

- Microsoft Visual Studio 2022 - Preview Version 17.3.0 Preview 1.0 or higher with the following workloads and extention
- Asp.net and web development
- Net Multi-Platform App UI development
- [Web Compiler 2022+ VisualStudtio extention](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Failwyn.WebCompiler64 "Web Compiler 2022+")

## Create project
Use `dotnet new` approach based on assumption that we've Bit.Tooling.Templates.TodoTemplate nuget package. bellow command installs the package and then creates a new project from it.

    > dotnet new -i Bit.Tooling.Templates.TodoTemplate
   

# Configure The Project

## Database

**Connection String**

Open  **appsettings.json** file in  **TodoTemplate.Api**  project and change the  **SqlServerConnection ** connection string if you want:

    "SqlServerConnection": {
            "SqlServerConnection": "Data Source=.; Initial Catalog=TodoTemplateDb;Integrated Security=true"
        }

## Migration

To create and migrate the database to the latest version. You can use Entity Framework's built-in tools for migrations. Open **Package Manager Console** in Visual Studio set **TodoTemplate.Api** as the Default Project and run the Update-Database command as shown below:

    Update-Database -Context TodoTemplateDbContext


# Run
## Blazor Mode (hosting models)
Bit use Blazor for building UI, Blazor is a web framework for building web UI components ([Razor components](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/?view=aspnetcore-6.0 "aaa")) that can be hosted in different ways. Razor components can run server-side in ASP.NET Core (Blazor Server) versus client-side in the browser on a [WebAssembly](https://webassembly.org/)-based .NET runtime (Blazor WebAssembly, Blazor WASM). You can also host Razor components in native mobile and desktop apps that render to an embedded Web View control (Blazor Hybrid). Regardless of the hosting model, the way you build Razor components is the same. The same Razor components can be used with any of the hosting models unchanged.

[Read more About ASP.NET Core Blazor hosting models](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/hosting-models?view=aspnetcore-6.0)

> Bit supports all three modes. It follows
### BlazorServer
With the Blazor Server hosting model, the app is executed on the server from within an ASP.NET Core app. UI updates, event handling, and JavaScript calls are handled over a SignalR connection using the WebSockets protocol. 

### BlazorWebAssembly
Blazor WebAssembly (WASM) apps run client-side in the browser on a WebAssembly-based .NET runtime. The Blazor app, its dependencies, and the .NET runtime are downloaded to the browser. The app is executed directly on the browser UI thread. UI updates and event handling occur within the same process. The app's assets are deployed as static files to a web server or service capable of serving static content to clients.

### BlazorHybrid
Blazor can also be used to build native client apps using a hybrid approach. Hybrid apps are native apps that leverage web technologies for their functionality. In a Blazor Hybrid app, Razor components run directly in the native app (not on WebAssembly) along with any other .NET code and render web UI based on HTML and CSS to an embedded Web View control through a local interop channel.

**Note**: In development, For the app to access the local Api project IP the VisualStudio needs to **run as Admin** and use `*`  instead of localhost in the IP server.

## How change BlazorMode easily?
To switch to each mode, easily change value of   `<BlazorMode>` on **Directory.build.props** file in **Solution Items** root folder.

      <BlazorMode>BlazorServer</BlazorMode>
       <!-- You can use either BlazorServer or BlazorWebAssembly or BlazorHybrid -->

### BlazorServer
- Needs multi startup for both api & web projects.
- Use `<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.Web">` in ?.Web.csproj  file. 
### blazorWebAssembly
- Needs set as startup Api project and run it.
- Change `<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.Web">` line code in ?.Web.csproj  file to `<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.BlazorWebAssembly">`
### BlazorHybrid
- Needs multi startup for both api & app projects.
- Use ?.App project instead of ?.Web.
## WebApp Deployment Type
Bit Supports several modes for WebApp deployment. This concept is related to performance. The fastest way to serve a page is to render page statically then send, and, the slowest way to serve a page is to serve an "interactive Blazor" server page (with a live virtual DOM synchronized via SignalR websockets). 

### Default Deployment Type
  It's referring to a Typical single page application(SPA) without pre-rendring.

### Static
Static Statically render the component with the specified parameters. It's recommended when the target is building a static page like a landing page, content page, And like these.
### PWA  
A Blazor WebAssembly app built as a [Progressive Web App](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_web_application "PWA") (PWA) uses modern browser APIs to enable many of the capabilities of a native client app, such as working offline, running in its own app window, launching from the host's operating system, receiving push notifications, and automatically updating in the background.

**Note**: Asp.net blazor supports PWA by default, but Bit fixes some of its disadvantages and provides a better PWA experience. 
### SSR
[Server-side rendering (SSR)](https://www.educative.io/edpresso/what-is-server-side-rendering), is the ability of an application to contribute by displaying the web-page on the server instead of rendering it in the browser. Server-side sends a fully rendered page to the client; Blazor pre-renders page and sends it as a static page, then later the page becomes an interactive Blazor server app. This behavior is intended to serve pages quickly to search engines with time-based positioning. 
Statically prerender the component along with a marker to indicate the component should later be rendered interactively by the Blazor Server app. It's optimize SEO of site.

It's referring to a Typical single page application(SPA) with pre-rendring.


## How change WebApp Deployment Type easily?
To switch to each mode, easily change value of   `<WebAppDeploymentType>` on **Directory.build.props** file in **Solution Items** root folder.

      <WebAppDeploymentType>DefaultDeploymentType</WebAppDeploymentType>
        <!-- You can choose either Static, DefaultDeploymentType, PWA or SSR -->

## Run API Host
Once you've done the configuration, you can run the application. If you set Api project as startup and run you can see the swagger dashboard in the first view

[![swagger](img/api-swagger.png "swagger")](img/api-swagger.png)

## Run Web app (in BlazorServer mode)
To run the Web app you need to run both the Api project and The Web project, Run these two projects as multiple startup.

[![web](img/web-output.png "web")](img/web-output.png)

## Run App (in BlazorHybrid mode)
To run the Web app you need to run both the Api project and The App project, Run these two projects as multiple startup.

[![app](img/app-output.png "app")](img/app-output.png)


## Settings
### Authentication policies
Bit provides authentication with  and implements the SignUp and SignIn user interfaces.
You can change the default settings of the Identity Settings according to your needs;
These settings are in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

     "IdentitySettings": {
                "PasswordRequireDigit": "false",
                "PasswordRequiredLength": "6",
                "PasswordRequireNonAlphanumeric": "false",
                "PasswordRequireUppercase": "false",
                "PasswordRequireLowercase": "false",
                "RequireUniqueEmail": "true",
                "ConfirmationEmailResendDelay": "0.00:02:00", //Format: D.HH:mm:nn
                "ResetPasswordEmailResendDelay": "0.00:02:00" //Format: D.HH:mm:nn
            },  
 
### JWT settings
Bit used JWT to provide token based authentication and you can either change Jwt settings, you can find these settings in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "JwtSettings": {
                "IdentityCertificatePassword": "P@ssw0rdP@ssw0rd",
                "Issuer": "TodoTemplate",
                "Audience": "TodoTemplate",
                "NotBeforeMinutes": "0",
                "ExpirationMinutes": "1440"
            },

**Note**: IdentityCertificatePassword referring to the password of the `IdentityCertificate.pfx` file in the Api project that used as certificate file for store the public key and etc for validating incoming JWT tokens.

### Email Settings
Bit used [FluentEmail](https://github.com/lukencode/FluentEmail) to send emails whenever needs.
for example in SignUp, you can either change the SMTP provide settings as you need, you can find these settings in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "EmailSettings": {
                "Host": "LocalFolder", // Local folder means storing emails in bin\sent-emails folder. (Recommended for testing purposes only)
                "Port": "25",
                "DefaulFromEmail": "info@todo.com",
                "DefaultFromName": "Todo",
                "UserName": null,
                "Password": null
            },

**Note**: In the development process, Bit saves sent emails as a .eml file in the below path, and developers can easily handle them.

    ./TodoTemplate/Api/bin/Debug/net6.0/sent-emails./TodoTemplate/Api/bin/Debug/net6.0/sent-emails

**Note**: You can find email templates used for email confirmation and reset password in the `Resources` directory of the Api project

## User Profile image setting
Bit save user profile image in `Attachments\Profiles` directory of the Api project as default, you can change this path as you need from the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "UserProfileImagePath": "./Attachments/Profiles/"

### Health Check Settings
Bit support Health Checks for reporting the health of app infrastructure components.
Health checks are exposed by an app as HTTP endpoints. If you need to enable or disable this functionality you can find these settings in the `appsettings.json` file in the Api project.

    "HealCheckSettings": {
                "EnableHealthChecks": true
            },

**Note**: You can find Health Checks dashboard from route `https://localhost:5001/healthchecks-ui` as default.
## Code Syncing between app and web
Bit provides a solution for writing code for both the Web and the App at once. And also has a mechanism for sharing code between server-side and client sides.

### Linking codes
Bit considers the Web project as the primary source base and links the changes to each of the following files and directories to the App project before it is built.

- **Components** directory: Location of your blazor components (razor)
- **Extensions** directory: This directory conatain some Bit provided extentions, and place for put your extentions
- **Pages** directory: Contain All pages of Web project (and App project) 
- **Services** directory: Location of services Communication with API
- **Shared** directory: Components and pages that shared for use in others pages and components
- **Styles** directory: Includes Sass styles used in the project UI, which are compiled using Web Compiler 2022+ extensions in CSS format. 
- **App.razor** file: The root component of the app sets up client-side routing using the Router component. its name will be changed to `Main.razor` in the App project.
- **appsettings.json** file: Includes essential program settings such as the Url of the Api hosts.
- **_Imports.razor** file: Global imports.
- **compilerconfig.json** file: Contains Settings for Sass styles compiling.
- **compilerconfig.json.defaults** file: Some default Saas style compiler settings.
- **wwwroot\images** directory: Contains media uses in project ui.
- **wwwroot\scripts** directory: Contains scripts uses in the project. 
- **wwwroot\styles** directory: Contains styles uses in the project.


**Note**: Code syncing will be done with help of `mklink.bat` file in the root of the App project in the pre-building event of the project.It uses directory junction features of the OS.

**Note**: To avoid git duplicating the files All of them are tagged as ignored in the App project. 

### Shared project
Project `*.Shared` is shared on both the server (Api project) and client(Web, App projects) sides, and can share code. The bit puts the code it wants to reuse; Like resources, Dtos, shared contracts, services, etc.

**Note**: Be careful about what you put in the shared projects because they will available on both sides.

## Debugging
All official Bit NuGet packages are Sourcelink enabled. That means you can easily debug Bit.* NuGet packages within your project.

- Blazor WebAssembly still has some limitations in Debugging, while Blazor Server mode fully supports debugging without any problems. Therefore, it is recommended to use BlazorServer mode for development. 


## Error handling
Bit performs some features to manage error accourd in runtime.  
### known and unknown exception
In development When an error occurred if this error is known or unknown, details of the error returned, but in test and production for unknown error details of the error not returned from server.
- known exception inhrites `KnownException` class
- Unknown exception inhrites `UnknownException` class
### RestException
It's a class that has an HTTP Response `StatusCode` that you to perform a response with status code.

### Client side exception handling WrapHandled
When an error is raised in App(android, IOS) maybe cause crash app. for avoiding app crash; Bit provides some mechanism for error handling.
- inheriting `TodoTemplateComponentBase` in razor pages.
- Instead of initializing your components in the `OnInitializedAsync` method, override the `OnInitAsync` method of the `TodoTemplateComponentBase` class.
- Use `WrapHandle` method instead of direct calling events such as `OnClick` in the Razor components.
- Use `try-catch` block in `asyn-avoid` method and call `StatehasChanged` method to handle unexpected errors.
- To eliminate unwanted dependency unsubscribe events On the `DisposeAsync()` method.


## Performance and optimiztion
Bit perform some feature To improve performance and optimization.

- use the `Clean.bat` file in the root of the solution directory to deep clean the projects and run without unexpected exceptions. 
- Bit Uses `implicit operator` for performing type conversion instead of mapping library. You can see on some Dto in the Shared project.
- Bit optimizes the data serialization process through the default Asp.net core JsonSerializer. for this reason, the Bit code generator does a process to register Dtos to speed up. You can see how to register a Dto for this process on `TodoTemplateJsonContext.cs` in the `Shared\Dtos` 
- Use the `StateService` service GetValue method when you need SSR or SEO optimization to get a value in async mode.
- Bit performs some feature to detect Blazor mode or deployment type in Development and Runtime
    - Use `#if [BlazorMode]` block to detect blazor mode in The Cs code.
    - Use `#if [WebAppDeploymentType]` block to detect Web App Deployment Type in the Cs code.
    - Use `BlazorModeDetector` from the **Shared** project to detect BlazorMode in the Razor pages.
    - Use `WebAppDeploymentTypeDetector` from the **Shared** project to detect WebAppDeploymentType in the Razor pages.
-Bit code analyzer will give you tips for better code-writing during development.    

## Infrastructure as Code
Modern cloud-native applications embrace the widely accepted practice of Infrastructure as Code, or IaC. With IaC, you automate platform provisioning. You essentially apply software engineering practices such as testing and versioning to your DevOps practices. Your infrastructure and deployments are automated, consistent, and repeatable. Just as continuous delivery automated the traditional model of manual deployments, Infrastructure as Code (IaC) is evolving how application environments are managed.


## Step By Step Publish To Azure
About how to step-by-step publish in azure cloud..


## FAQ
A frequently asked questions about Bit...
