src/Client/Web/Playground/README.md, before:

# Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground
Blazor dual mode with best practices in mind!

In Directory.build.props, you can switch between blazor server and client by using either

```xml
<BlazorMode>Client</BlazorMode>
```

```xml
<BlazorMode>Server</BlazorMode>
```

In Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Web, use

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.BlazorWebAssembly">
```

for client side blazor and use

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.Web">
```

for server side blazor.

Note that for Client mode, set Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Api.csproj as startup project, but for Server mode set both Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Api.csproj and Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Web.csproj as startup projects.

In shared project, you can also detect code is running in blazor server or client/wasm modes by use any of followings:

```cs

if (Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Shared.BlazorModeDetector.Current.IsServer())
{
}

#if BlazorClient

#endif

```

It's recommended to clear your browser's cache while switching between server and client/wasm modes!

Commit message:

Refactored bit blazor ui components playground: added blazor hybrid

src/Client/Web/Playground/README.md, after:

# Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground
Blazor multi mode with best practices in mind!

In Directory.build.props, you can switch between blazor server / web assembly and hybrid by using either

```xml
<BlazorMode>BlazorWebAssembly</BlazorMode>
```

```xml
<BlazorMode>BlazorServer</BlazorMode>
```

```xml
<BlazorMode>BlazorHybrid</BlazorMode>
```

For blazor web assembly use followings in Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Web:

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.BlazorWebAssembly">
```

for blazor server use:

```xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.Web">
```

For blazor hybrid, use Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.App project instead.

To run blazor web assembly only start Api project, but for blazor hybrid you need multi startup for both api & app projects. In blazor server you need multi startup for both api & web projects.

In shared project, you can also detect code is running in blazor server / web assembly or hybrid mode by use any of followings:

```cs

if (Bit.Client.Web.BlazorUI.Playground.Shared.BlazorModeDetector.Current.IsBlazorServer())
{
}

#if BlazorWebAssembly

#endif

```

It's recommended to clear your browser's cache and close/open visual studio while switching between blazor modes!
